Introduce Cookbook (#424)
hyperledger/iroha-2-docs: src/cookbook/register-roles.md

---
title: "Register Roles | Cookbook"
head:
  - - meta
    - name: description

>       content: "Learn how to register a role in Iroha."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      content: "Learn how to register roles in Iroha."
```

---
title: "Register Roles | Cookbook"
head:
  - - meta
    - name: description
      content: "Learn how to register roles in Iroha."
  - - meta
    - name: keywords
      content: "registering roles, permissions"
---

# How to Register a Role

The minimal case is an empty role (without any permission tokens):

```rust
fn register_new_role(
    iroha: &Client
) {
    let role_id = RoleId::from_str("MY_EMPTY_ROLE").unwrap();

>     let role = iroha_data_model::role::Role::new(role_id);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    let role = Role::new(role_id);
```

this is always implied in other examples. Anyways, it should be `iroha_client::data_model`, not `iroha_data_model`
